Add more values to `flex-basis` (#23792)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/flex-basis/index.md

### Values

- `<'width'>`
  - : Any of the following units:
    - {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} sets an absolute value
    - {{cssxref("&lt;percentage&gt;")}} sets a percentage of the width or height of a containing block's content area

>     - `auto` uses the value of the [width](https://drafts.csswg.org/css2/#the-width-property) in horizontal writing mode, and the value of the [height](https://drafts.csswg.org/css2/#the-height-property) in vertical writing mode. When the corresponding value is also `auto`, the `content` value is used instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `auto` uses the value of the [width](https://drafts.csswg.org/css2/#the-width-property) in horizontal writing mode, and the value of the [height](https://drafts.csswg.org/css2/#the-height-property) in vertical writing mode; when the corresponding value is also `auto`, the `content` value is used instead
```

    - `max-content` sets the intrinsic preferred width
    - `min-content` sets the intrinsic minimum width

>     - `fit-content` sets the maximum possible size of a containing block's content area, limited between the `min-content` and `max-content` values, calculated based on the content of the current element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `fit-content` sets the maximum possible size of a containing block's content area, bounded by the `min-content` and `max-content` values, and calculated based on the content of the current element
```
